(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

Another thing is the reception of information. So, when a new supplier wants to be part of our boxes, or we communicate with them to make them part of our boxes, we ask them to fill out a form, become a supplier at ShopMoiÇa, and they have a lot of questions. We receive this by email.

We have to take this information, Lisa receives it by email, me, Claude, whatever, anyone who wants it will receive it by email. So, everyone receives it, but we receive like 10 per day. So, does everyone open it? Is everyone aware of it? I don't think so.

But let's say that Claude opens it, and she sees that there is something really nice for Lisa on the body side, well, she has to forward it or say, hey Lisa, here is this information. But it's a bit useless because Lisa received it, but she opened this email. So, it would be fun if every time a supplier fills out the form, it goes directly to Zoho.

I was like, I'm going to ask Nuagique what to do because Fred told me that it could be done. So, basically, you fill out the form, and we have to go to Zoho, to meet them, get this information, but it just went into the form, so I'm like, why is it not like Zoho, CRM, Alissa, that when she has a body mandate, well, the guy puts all this information, it goes to Zoho, CRM, Alissa, right? She doesn't need to go to the form. Well, that's what I want with my suppliers.

I want it to be automatically mapped to Zoho. So, it looks like Nuagique could do it. So, I'm working on it to see if it's done.

It takes away at least a duplicate. But it remains that... Sorry, why am I beeping? It remains that it's still the information, that there is a supplier who does personalized, like, he makes fucking beautiful personalized candles. But how does Alissa know that? So, the information we receive in supply, how is it transmitted to Alissa? Because right now, we have PowerPoints.

So, every time we have a really nice orange item, well, we're going to put it in the PowerPoint in color. So, Alissa has a PowerPoint with all the color information. So, Alissa has a supplier, sorry, not a supplier, but a body client, Desjardins, who wants something green.

Well, she opens the green visual, and she goes to get the green info. But she doesn't have the prices in there. Because our supplier, we didn't put the prices, we just put the color visuals.

So, would there be an option that, when the supplier writes to us, well, these photos go somewhere, like, automatically, and it's put in a color category, or in a category, is there a tag we could add? When there's personalized, like, a personalized candle, well, it puts a tag, and it knows where to look for the information in Zoho. There's like a big lack of communication between what we receive from the suppliers and what we can, or like, we want a new candle, like, for one of our boxes. Well, where am I going to find the information of all the suppliers who have candles? We don't have that.

So, now, we have to dig, I have to ask the girls, who else makes candles? Oh, him, him, him. Of course, we forget about it. Yes, it's true that there are old ones that we don't think about anymore.

There are new ones that we haven't seen. So, it's not bad, I think, for what is the information, the sharing of information for the information of the supplier. You know, you write to us, Obie, I make full-color chandails.

Well, this information, it stays in our emails, it doesn't go anywhere. It should go in, I don't know, at least in Zoho, but in your application, the photos of your chandails with the possible colors and the prices go directly somewhere. And then, Lisa has like a flag, like, hey, there's a new supplier.

Anyway, thank you.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)